293 release simtrial v0.4.2 (#294)
Merck/simtrial: NEWS.md

# simtrial 0.4.2

## Statistcial Improvements

- Summary function of `sim_gs_n()` is available (#268, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- The denominator of the milestone test Z-score is corrected (#270, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- Statistical information is added as output of `sim_gs_n()` (#273, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- The randomization ratio is built as an attribute of `sim_pw_surv()` and passed into the `wlr()` test (#281, #285 thanks to @LittleBeannie and @jdblischak).
- The sign of the Z-score is unified to positive numbers (#272, #286, thanks to @LittleBeannie and @jdblischak).

## Computational Improvements

> - The source code of `summary()` is rewrite from `tibble` or `data.fram`e to `data.table`, which is optimized to use as little memory as possible by avoiding making unnecessary temporary copies of data frames. This results in code that is more efficient in both time and memory use. (#289, thanks to @jdblischak).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The source code of `summary()` is rewritten from `tibble` or `data.frame` to `data.table`, which is optimized to use as little memory as possible by avoiding making unnecessary temporary copies of data frames. This results in code that is more efficient in both time and memory use. (#289, thanks to @jdblischak).
```

Author: Thank you, @jdblischak! Corrected in the latest commit.

- The `sim_fixed_n()` function has been updated to allow parallel simulations (#249, #252, #253, #262, thanks to @cmansch and @jdblischak).

## Bug fixes

- Fixed the bug of cut functions in parallel (#261, thanks to @cmansch).

> # Coding Improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Coding Improvements
```
We get the following NOTE:

```
* checking package subdirectories ... NOTE
Problems with news in 'NEWS.md':
  Cannot extract version info from the following section titles:
    Coding Improvements
```

I'm guessing we need to use a level 2 header via `##`

Author: Corrected, thank you so much!
